docs(README) update autodocs instructions (#2545)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: README.md

## Generating the PDK, Admin API, CLI and Configuration Documentation

> The PDK, Admin API docs, cli.md and configuration.md on each release are generated from the Kong source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PDK docs, Admin API docs, `cli.md` and `configuration.md` on each release are generated from the Kong source code.
```

> In order to generate them, please go to the kong repo and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to generate them, please switch into the `Kong/kong` repo and run:
```

```

> cd kong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

scripts/autodoc <docs-folder> <kong-version>
```

For example:

```

> cd kong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd /path/to/kong
```

scripts/autodoc ../docs.konghq.com 2.3.x
```

> Assumes that the docs repo is on a folder called `docs.konghq.com` next to the `kong` repo, and that you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assumes that the `Kong/docs.konghq.com` repo is cloned next to the `Kong/kong` repo, and that you want to
```

> generate the docs for kong `2.3.x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generate the docs for Kong version `2.3.x`.
```
